SNOW-1489371: Implement GroupBy.value_counts (#1986)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: docs/source/modin/supported/groupby_supported.rst

+-----------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| ``take``                    | N                               |                                                    |
+-----------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+

> | ``value_counts``            | P                               | SeriesGroupBy does not implement ``bins``          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``value_counts``            | P                               | ``N`` if ``bins`` is given for SeriesGroupBy          |
```
